Fix capitalization and punctuation (#1506)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/configuration/multitenancy.md

- Multitenancy on ingestion is currently [only working](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/issues/495) with GPRC and this may never change. It is strongly recommended to use the OpenTelemetry Collector to support multitenancy as described above.
- The way the read path is configured is temporary and should be much more straightforward once the [tempo-query dependency is removed](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/issues/382).

> ## Enabling multitenancy
> To enable multitenancy on Tempo backend, set the following configuration value on all Tempo components:

Reviewer: At Grafana Labs, we use the spelling  "multi-tenancy."  Please change this throughout.
```suggestion
## Enabling multi-tenancy
To enable multi-tenancy on Tempo backend, set the following configuration value on all Tempo components:
```
